[develop]: Update ConfigWorkflow chapter to HEAD of develop (#915)
ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app: docs/UsersGuide/source/BuildingRunningTesting/WE2Etests.rst

* ``grids_extrn_mdls_suites_nco``
   This category of tests ensures that the workflow running in **NCO mode** (i.e., with ``RUN_ENVIR`` set to ``"nco"``) completes successfully for various combinations of predefined grids, physics suites, and input data from different external models. Note that in NCO mode, an operational run environment is used. This involves a specific directory structure and variable names (see :numref:`Section %s <NCOModeParms>`).

* ``ufs_case_studies``
   This category tests that the workflow running in community mode completes successfully when running cases derived from the `ufs-case-studies repository <https://github.com/dtcenter/ufs-case-studies>`__. 

* ``verification``
   This category specifically tests the various combinations of verification capabilities using METPlus. 

* ``wflow_features``
   This category of tests ensures that the workflow completes successfully with particular features/capabilities activated.

.. note::

   Users should be aware that some tests assume :term:`HPSS` access. 
   

>       * ``custom_ESGgrid_Great_Lakes_snow_8km`` and ``MET_verification_only_vx_time_lag`` require HPSS access. 

Reviewer: These tests require HPSS access, as well as rstprod access on both RDHPCS (requested through AIM) and HPSS (an email should be sent to rdhpcs.hpss.help@noaa.gov requesting access once it has been granted on AIM).

Author: I added that `rstprod` access is required. Not sure we need the details on how to request, since it's relevant to a small subset of users and will look like gobbledegook to ppl outside of NOAA/NCAR type orgs. People in these orgs can usually find out from their teams how to request access to whatever they need. I can add the full note if you think it's important tho.

Reviewer: The modifications that you have made are perfect.  We don't want to bog down users who might not even have access to WCOSS2, Hera, or Jet.  Resolving the conversation now.

>       * On certain machines, *community* and *nco* tests assume HPSS. If the ``ush/machine/*.yaml`` file contains the following lines, users will need to have HPSS access or modify the tests to point to another data source:

Reviewer: Contains the following lines, and these lines are different from TEST_EXTRN_MDL_SOURCE_BASEDIR, users ...

```suggestion
      * On certain machines, *community* and *nco* tests assume HPSS. If the ``ush/machine/*.yaml`` file contains the following lines, and these paths are different from what is provided in TEST_EXTRN_MDL_SOURCE_BASEDIR, users will need to have HPSS access or modify the tests to point to another data source:
```

Author: Added

>       * On certain machines, *community* and *nco* tests assume HPSS access. If the ``ush/machine/*.yaml`` file contains the following lines, and these paths are different from what is provided in ``TEST_EXTRN_MDL_SOURCE_BASEDIR``, users will need to have HPSS access or modify the tests to point to another data source:

Reviewer 2: Is this true? I was under the impression that the only tests that require HPSS access should be:

1. The two verification tests mentioned above, and
2. Any test under `tests/WE2E/test_configs/wflow_features/` that has "HPSS" in the name

If this isn't the case we probably need to make some changes and/or stage some data, because only tests that are explicitly testing HPSS capabilities should require that access.

Reviewer: @mkavulich - Unfortunately, running the `community` test on Jet causes the test to fail when HPSS is down because it is looking for staged data in:
`/public/data/grids/gfs/0p25deg/grib2`
rather than:
`/mnt/lfs4/HFIP/hfv3gfs/role.epic/UFS_SRW_data/develop/input_model_data`

When the test is unable to find the data on disk, it attempts to pull the data from HPSS, which results in failure due to HPSS being down for maintenance.  The data is staged on the machines, it is simply a case that the wrong directory is being used, resulting in the failure.  Updating the `/public/data/grids/gfs/0p25deg/grib2` directory on Jet to point to the appropriate directory in `/mnt/lfs4/HFIP/hfv3gfs/role.epic/UFS_SRW_data/develop/input_model_data` should correct the issue.

Having said that, it does look like the `nco` test does successfully run without HPSS access on machines, so that test can be removed from the list.
```suggestion
      * On certain machines, the *community* test assumes HPSS access. If the ``ush/machine/*.yaml`` file contains the following lines, and these paths are different from what is provided in ``TEST_EXTRN_MDL_SOURCE_BASEDIR``, users will need to have HPSS access or modify the tests to point to another data source:
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the reply @MichaelLueken. This seems like a bug to me, the expected data workflow should check in both locations, not just one and fall back to HPSS. Is there an open issue on this?

Reviewer: @mkavulich - I have opened issue #925 for this issue.
